give use case for tool (#14)
nitrado/connqc: README.md

    </a>
</p>

> `connqc` is a tool to check the quality of the network transport between networked hosts.

Author: I will go with "assess the reliability". It does not yet give us a benchmark nor does it give us performance numbers.

> We have, in our past encountered the following problems in the wild between two hosts:

Reviewer: `our past` is a little odd. Also running directly into `We have` and `our` does not read well.

```suggestion
It has been designed to detect the connection issues between two hosts that have been observed in the wild, such as:
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not fond of using `in the wild` here 😄 I'd rather go more corporate with something like

```suggestion
Known connection issues that `connqc` has been designed to detect include:
```

Here _known_ implies commonality, which conveys IMO the same feeling, while keeping a more technical/professional tone.

- The network connection between two hosts is not stable.
- The network connection between two hosts may seem stable, but the firewall in between may be dropping packets.
- The network connection between two hosts may seem stable, but the firewall in between may be dropping packets after a certain amount of time.
- The network connection between two hosts may seem stable, but the firewall in between may be dropping packets after a certain amount of time, but only if the connection is established for a while.
- The network connection between two hosts may seem stable, but certain ports or port combinations are blocked.
- The network connection seems stable, but the routes taken are flipping and thus creating spontaneous connection issues.

> - Some other weird stuff.

Reviewer: WDYT about highlighting the core problem in each of these items. As most of them start with `The network connection between two hosts may seem stable`, it makes the list seem longer than it is.

Perhaps something along the lines of:
* Unstable connection between hosts
* Firewall dropping packets intermittently
* Ports or port combinations are blocked or become blocked
* Routes flip flop causing spontaneous connection issues

Or something like that.

> As most of you who may have found themselves in this situation, we have fiddled with ping, netcat, iperf, and other tools, but found that most of these would not establish a connection, keep it up without user interaction and report on the quality of the connection. This is why we developed this tool, to help others in the same situation.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little weird, perhaps:
```suggestion
While other tools exist that are similar to `connqc`, such as **ping**, **netcat** and **iperf**, they do not establish a connection that is maintained without user interaction while also reporting the connection quaily. For this reason, `connqc` was developed.
```

Reviewer 2: @nrwiersma I agree that the sentence is strange, and I prefer your suggestion, but I'd even suggest removing the last sentence because I feel like we don't need to explicitly explain that this is why we developed the tool, as it is implicitly a given based on the previous answer. And the reason for developing the tool, ultimately, does not matter IMO. What should be clear is what it does, and optionally how it compares to other solutions, but not so much why it exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While other tools exist that are similar to `connqc`, such as **ping**, **netcat** and **iperf**, they do not establish a connection that is maintained without user interaction while also reporting the connection quality.
```

* Removes last sentence
* Fixes typo to `quality`

> `connqc` consists of a server that listens for TCP probing messages, and a client that sends said messages.

Reviewer: That is no longer true, there is UDP support now too 🎉
